# Credit-Card-Default-Prediction
This project aims to build a classification model that can predict whether or not a customer will default on their credit card. From the perspective of risk management, understanding the customer characteristics that lead to this outcome can aid creditors in deciding reasonable credit limits to prevent this. Overall, credit card default prediction is an important tool for lenders to manage risk and ensure the stability of the credit card industry. We evaluated different performance metrics but choose our final model using the f1 score and recall score of 0.908

# Problem of the statement
Despite high returns, credit cards carry significant risks. The ever-expanding number of credit cards has achieved an expansion in how much credit card defaults and the subsequent enormous measure of bills and repayment data information have likewise carried specific hardships to the risk controllers. As a result, one of the primary concerns of banks is how to use the data generated by users and extract useful information to control risks, reduce the default rate, and control the growth of non-performing assets.
A credit card issuer based in Taiwan wants to learn more about how likely its customers are to default on their payments and the main factors that influence this probability. The issuer's decisions regarding who to issue a credit card to and what credit limit to offer would be informed by this information. The issuer's future strategy, including plans to offer targeted credit products to their customers, would be informed by a better understanding of their current and potential customers as a result of this.
